# Overview
Google API Extensions for .NET (`Google.Api.Gax`) is a set of libraries which
aids the development of APIs, client and server, based on
[GRPC](http://grpc.io) and Google API conventions.

Application code will rarely need to use most of the classes within this
library directly, but code generated automatically from the API definition
files can use services such as page streaming and request bundling to provide
a more convenient and idiomatic API surface to callers.

An API package (such as `Google.Pubsub.V1`) will typically contain the following
code:

- Code corresponding to the Protocol Buffer messages within the API, generated
  by vanilla `protoc` (the protocol compiler). These are data-only
  classes such as `Topic` and `Subscription`.
- Low-level code corresponding to the Protocol Buffer services within the API,
  generated by `protoc` using `grpc_csharp_plugin` provided by the GRPC project.
  These are service classes and interfaces such as `IPublisherClient`.
- High-level code generated by the Google API Code Generator
  which understands the Google API conventions such as page streaming, and can be
  configured manually for additional control over operations which can be
  bundled together (such as messages published to the same Pubsub topic within
  a short period).
- Hand-written code to provide additional platform-idiomatic and API-specific
  code, such as a C# event raised when a pubsub topic receives a message. This
  may be minimal, or it may provide a signficant amount of logic over the top
  of the API itself.

Such an API package depends on other libraries:

- `Google.Protobuf` for message serialization
- `Grpc.Core` for RPC services
- `Google.Apis.Auth` for authentication
- `Google.Api.Gax` (this library) for support services required by the
  high-level code, and common API Protocol Buffer messages.
